take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me okay
welcome back to Lady Babylon bible study this will be our last before my vacation
so we'll be off for a week all our classes will be stopped for a week and
then we'll pick up with more vim and vigor than we had before
um by the way I'm really pleased with my students you guys are doing a fantastic job just a fantastic job we have a great
show tonight for you we're gonna start off with the disease and we're going to
end with the Cure some excitement tonight a few reels for
you a little bit of play with some video and we will watch the bride burn
[Music] thank you
[Music]
our first issue tonight is an update coming to us from Kentucky at the end of
a Revival yes at the end of a Revival
wrote and what got started here a week ago is showing no signs of stopping
Wendy Griffith CBN News Asbury University in Wilmore Kentucky
well apparently it's infectious Lee University is already seeing a similar
move I know of many universities sending delegations there in hopes that they can catch it
a shout out to all the witches in their epoxory
um today I want to jump into right into a little bit of our present
and pulling from the past and we're pulling from the future into this moment
and at this moment I want you to be able to see what's around you and I want you
to be able to appreciate Where We Are a little bit of the museum wrapped up in
some video I'd like you to watch I want to play this first video and then I'm going to read to you
um advice an article by Vice which I think is the last
true journalistic holdout what these reporters do what these what they get
is uh you know it's a difference between what you buy in the store that's
processed and what grows out of the ground it's the real stuff it's the real stuff I want you to take a look tonight
I invite tonight we invite to a Bible study um an authority on the Bible
um and just to put the right person to set the stage for you to see
maybe maybe what it's all about an almost perfect jumble French
routinely trips over the wise Turk foolish Christian Trope whether he refers to it or not it is always running
in the background quote the most prominent apologetics Ministry in the United States was run by an abuser of
women you have perhaps the largest Christian Camp housing one of the worst super predators in American life for a
decade plus and then covering it up you could go down the line and time and time again I hear Christians say we need more
Christians in power and I'm thinking do we though close quote what he wants is more people in power who actually act
like Christians so do I he wants Christian values to govern but is not willing to call them that so he wants
our virtuous actions in the Public Square to be the kind of thing that can spring up anywhere like Athena from the head of Zeus no no not the head of Zeus
too religious too denominational we want to secular Athena to emerge from an unspecified cupboard of vanilla virtue
the cupboard is located in the back of the house we're not sure where exactly he wants to capture the vapors of civic
virtue that are seeping out of the mystery box he wants generally Christian friendly virtue without having to name
the name of Christ you can see
symbols coming forward right take the left-handed path let's follow where he
goes with it but here's the catch that doesn't exist the virtues that David
French loves and respects and fights for are virtues that are not like Melchizedek the virtues that are
embedded in our customs mores and laws and which are barely hanging on anymore are not quote without father or mother
our public virtues are not without genealogy they actually had a beginning of days they grew up in the black soil
of a robust Christian consensus as Francis Schaefer cogently argued and ever since the day we decided to
transplant them all into this white powdery chalk they have done quite poorly and the more they Wilt the more
David French lectures those Christians who want to put them back in their original soil
so we see what we've got in front of us and you say oh this is this is
ridiculous that we're having to go into this because these people don't have any influence
um no it turns out they do and it turns out your government is
being attacked right now right now um the Insurrection is happening
historically people we don't have um Flights of Fancy and small units over
time there are movements that rise against the government
against the powers that be and those movements start
through this web of what Doug Wilson is weaving yes he's an open advocate for
overthrowing the powers that God does not deem to be of his
standard yes yes so today the theme in the background is as the bride Burns
is the idea of this voice of democracy this voice of where it came from Ryan
how does it come out how does it bring itself to life
after centuries of of lying and rest under tyranny how does it bubble forth
out of the out of the soil Vice news
published an article about
Doug and his Doug and his uh
[Music] his escapades and it's titled inside the church that preaches wives need to be
led with a firm hand with a firm hand I want to read a quote
to you depending upon whom you ask the town either host the calvinist Utopia or a
patriarchal cult in which women must submit or face discipline at home and at
church I'm not why that's an e I'm not sure why that's an either or
um you know you can have both of those as a matter of fact I don't think you can have that as an either or
yeah they just go together they go together I want to tell you the story of gene
but I want to read it to you from from the journalists by the way we need the
name of uh Sarah yeah Sarah Sarah stunk orb excuse me if
I if I've mispronounced your name Sarah but um kudos to you kudos to you for the uh
yeah for the work that you've done thank you as an American thank you thank you
let's look at what they're saying here well to learn about she says to learn about
Christ Church's culture of abuse and social control Vice has interviewed 12
former and current church members and logos students logos is what they have logos is what they have uh school they
have set up because this monstrous Taliban
guy is bringing forward
um is bringing forward a form of control
that is impacting a lot of people yeah so what Vice has done is they've they've
dug into the individuals bring out the Witnesses look watch through the size of gene
um yeah here we go I just want to read this during June's first year as a non-matriculating student at new St
Andrews oh by the way well I was saying about the logos they've they've tried to
capture the logos by creating an academy what they call a Classical Academy right
um by the you know the Romans said hey man the Christians they can't teach you
can't allow them to teach right and everybody's like it was because they
were corrupting the text in order to bring about the overthrow of the authorities
surprise surprise here they are with their ancient Confederate flags trying
to bring down the Union yeah surprised is anybody surprised does
anybody smell I smell something it's probably coming from Florida amazing
yeah so she matriculated Christ Church's College of about 150 students she met
Charming handsome upperclassmen by the way um this is going to be rough so hold on
to your stomachs but this is history and life and we're investigating what happened
right with that naked boy that he was arrested with right so this is all part
of it let's see so she um Gene medic Char that's not her
name Gene met a Charming handsome upperclassman his father was a deacon at another Kirk right at the church by her
second year they started dating and soon he said he wanted to marry her I had stars in my eyes remembers Jane
but then he got physical I was a virgin and it scared me within their first year
of dating heavy petting turned coercive sex he'd get her drunk and refuse to accept
her wishes not to have sex he refused condoms Gene who had been raised on a
steady diet of Purity movement books felt like she had no choice but to marry
him there's that entity there's that sanctity of marriage right in your face this is the sanctity right
as we're going in we're getting ready to burn the bride right the sanctity of marriage this is this is
their idea yeah Gene who had been raised on a steady
diet of Purity movement books felt like she had no choice but to marry him was somehow unclean and unworthy before they
got married she joined the church taking Covenant vows in front of the congregation after her vows
Kirker came up and shook her hand saying how beautiful she was ew okay can I just
say just leave it on me I just wanted to get this on me um gross first of all
inappropriate and gross but watch this that's a big deal she says to men in
leadership they brag about how their women are more beautiful than pagan-wise
yeah this is now here and now right this is what's going on
the wedding leave me up there please The Wedding officiated by Wilson
okay was four years after she moved to Moscow starting nine months after they were
married they had a baby every other year and so the couple had four children
one night after their first was born her husband came home drunk after she was
asleep he pulled her over lifted her nightgown she told him not tonight
that she was tired he got angry she she tried clawing away
then pushing him away with her arms he pinned her down so she used her legs to kick him
that's when he unbuttoned his pants and Jean says when he was done he passed
out drunk and I locked myself in the bathroom and cried she was bruised
and her insides bled she called a Kirk her friend about it
the next day the friend attended a Christ Church Plant a Seedling congregation based in
christchurch's Doctrine and culture wait a minute what remember what Tom said Thomas Jefferson
said greatest threat to the fledgling American democracy is the Christian
church yeah look at it see it for what it is you people have gone back you've seen
the bocket movements you've seen the Christianity that was oppressed and
attempted to be suppressed and put out before they burned down ROM
yeah yeah now you understand why the Romans were all about if it doesn't
interfere with government right if they're not trying to stop the government we don't care what they do
but it's when they step over that line Wilson is not only across that line he is Miles
Beyond it with an army with an army of what you and I could
um could could come up with names for but maybe victims is one of one of the
names you might come up with yeah I hate to put G in that category you know what I mean
she said the woman that she talked to said the same thing was going on in her marriage marital rape it seemed was
normal so Gene didn't report it Gene's husband raped her over and again a
couple of times a week for about a decade seriously
yeah wow yeah either with violence or by waiting
until after she took a prescription sleeping pill sometimes I'd wake up with him on me having me or I'd wake up the
next morning and be bleeding and see the signs Gene has since been diagnosed with PTSD
from sexual assault you know years into her marriage Gene
went to several pastors at Trinity reformed a Moscow Christ Church Plant
and told them her husband had been raping her although they did notify Christ church
leaders because her then husband's father was an elder
who could be disciplined and if his son continued to sin the pastors at Trinity
quote all told me not to report it and that I was wrong these pastors told me a
wife is not allowed to tell her husband no
yeah it gets worse from there they keep pressuring her
not to not to do anything about it it's an accepted you know thing and the
church Wilson comes out with comments about children being children who are
raped um can be married to the person who
raped them for a um if they exhibit repentance and if
they pay a fine right there's a it's a based on a Godly law Jehovah did the
same stuff right it's all the trafficking right but human trafficking amazing what
um what does this have to do with the Bible and with Bible study and
with satanic initiation right what does it have to do we're going to try to make that bridge we've got another
we've got just about 15 minutes um but we're going to make a bridge now as we're sitting in that history and
we're looking at Jesus in the garden saying why is he with that naked kid and everybody has walked out of the room
who has who who has any respect for what is going on right everybody's left
because we got them in a garden we got him at 4am we got him with a naked boy he's
obviously on something he's confused and he's thrown around the word trafficker
he said I'm not a trafficker I'm not a trafficker so
um let's figure out where do we go between his followers and the what they
produce this anti-government movement doesn't matter that's America
right and this is where you Brits and you Canadians no you got that funny feeling and you know you're behind us
right with we're the pioneers and the looks like we're the Pioneers with the uh with the the dark attempts to
overthrow the light of justice and and uh democracy yeah
um fantastic that we have to be the leaders in that but maybe we can show them maybe we can show them anyway Doug
Doug is there with his taliban-esque approach he's very ancient
this is a very Christian thing it's a very Christian thing to rise up against
the government right the Christians will tell you that your government is based
in a Christian Heritage it's not democracy was the invention of a group
of people 500 years before Jesus ever pooped his
diaper 500 years 500 years and those people
built a statue on their big hill
of a woman with victory in her hands and a spear in
the other yeah so when Wilson speaks of Athena remember he's teaching
about Athena I bet you he teached in his in his Academy right he's he's pushing a
curriculum that teaches this classical Heritage imagine how much he's he's
lying and messing it up imagine how much sonius imagine Doug Wilson talking about
Athena it's disgusting and Despicable isn't it right by the way those dudes
that were involved in his church getting all um getting in trouble for raping
underage girls and whatnot those guys were helped by his church they were
helped they were given resources right after all of this after the Civil
Authorities caught them right they're still supporting them why
why the Taliban and why here in America so we're going to make that bridge and I
want to jump over I want to jump over now to Ukraine and for those of you who
didn't see it today I want you I want to take a quick look at a an interview that
was done by Gnostic informant and I think that um I think that it'll be
obvious why we're doing this so Chewie hit it well I'm
not just what they think they're dead I but um yeah I'm not actually like
ethnically Ukrainian just surprised to people I know I know I'm a patriot
obviously of Ukraine but I'm not like ethnically written I identify the grain obviously at nationality wise I was born
in Ukraine I was raised in Ukraine it's my country it's my people obviously but ethnically I'm Greek and I'm also
partially polish and partially Russian you're great I know the last bit the last bits things
the person who wrote this is probably likes you ten times more now because he's also fluent in Greek
yeah what my father was a Greek basically full on and um yeah he was
killed unfortunately um in July by Russian Artillery so yeah so I don't know about like the ancestors
what they think it is about this whole mess but I do think like this is a generational battle it's like
Generations prior of ukrainians uh have fought the same battle against Russian imperialism and oppression and they
fought for our right to exist as a country and to rule ourselves
all my life I was raised was the American flag I thought I owned Liberty and democracy
I thought I owned these things and today I saw somebody I saw that oracular voice
come right out of time and space and bring itself alive
yeah yeah her father was killed Anastasia's father was killed
by Vlad Putin Vlad Putin who is also is Anastasia
pointed out um connected with groups that are
religious groups that are pushing an LGBT
Q Plus destruction destruction total Destruction wipe them
out right this is the type of person who goes to the to the protests and gets the
bruises she's the one Anastasia
shame on us shame on us right now we have a chance we have a
chance to do something here we have a chance to somehow be involved with this
rebirth this historic Rebirth of the
spirit of democracy of Athena herself right next one please so it's something
we deal with I guess the same thing as they did before and I do think that ancestors of Ukrainian people I guess
you could say would be very proud for us continuing their fight and yeah
I sometimes say that Ukraine is like the Phoenix basically bird because it's just
revised all the time you know this is just our history you know and I hope I really hope that this time will be the
last one that this time will be the one that we will actually win and they will will be forever uh seen as uh you know
as as what we are as you can it's very meaningful actually because we have been not heard for many many years so people
did not hear us at all our our like our history the way we see it our struggle
so they only heard um the side of the Conqueror let's put it like that which is Russia right and
so for us to be heard and to be finally I guess accepted and intimated as people as a country is very important to us for
sure because it's something that we really struggled with like
so her ancestors the camarions
would bring her forward as a civil
to show you the future
in the present through the past these are the people that were connected
to those thrations these are the scythian
tribes that were perpetuating the oistress
the oyster Mania that state of Madness where their Oracle the medwa
from who was Queen of Georgia right where she would bring
freedom and how did she bring freedom she brought Freedom with her voice by
burning a bride alive yes it has to go it has to we have to repel
this people have to know people have to know the murderers of the mothers and the
daughters are doing you and I are sitting here tonight right I'm not worried about
bombs coming in right but I know we are on the verge of
losing our Republic and tearing ourselves apart
I am proud that my government
is fighting to defend Anastasia I'm proud I'm proud there are
Americans who are over there right now doing their
thing and it's my hope it's my hope that these men and women who stand up against the foulness
of the Creeps whose greed compels them to kill mothers
and daughters and fathers yeah Anastasia's father as a father
Anastasia I can tell you I know your father is proud I know he's
proud yeah yeah fantastic fantastic I had a I had a
quick passage for you from nonas that I wanted to I wanted to talk about
um I think we'll save it for next time fair enough to let you know it's the it's she
the goddess right the great mother who sews the universe sometimes she's
she's go ahead and put it up there Olivia let's just let's just take a quick look at it excuse me
just take a quick look at it yes
you who are you are the seed scatterer of the ion of the ionic of the ionic
organization more physics right you mother of loves
mother of loves there's no there's no leader of the
cows that's bothering me right there's no leader of the herd there's no desire
for sleep it's not the insanity of love
that which Dawn shows that's not what I am bothered by nor the nor the love of
Cellini when she is with her beloved Dreamer
it's not these things it's my morning for my father
my father Elias the loosener Bacchus
please stand beside your brother stand beside your brother
it was Medea we don't have this text but it was Medea if there's one last thing
that I could say to Anastasia maybe directly it's I know I I
know of a chameleon civil from the ancient world
um from Harkey before it was a city
yeah and that camarion Sybil with
Greek blood she was known
for her power for her tremendous power says says the
man who possessed her oracles she was known for her tremendous power
the power of her virginity the power of her magic
the maid of herkiv is the Golden Dragon
yeah gorgeous um Anastasia I'll I hope that sometimes
you can come to satanic initiation I'll I will always reserve a place for that
power yeah but those of us who were here um there's something that we can do
and Gnostic informant very wisely asked her what can we do what can we do we're
right at that point let's not just sit around let's figure out how to support
how to support uh the beauty how does how to defend the virgin
right that great Acropolis
that gave us our democracy um
I would love for for you to come on made her keys and tell us the basics the
basics of you know bring us to that world and give us your voice and show us
the future show us bring us to the to the place that we can be
people of Honor yeah um we don't have anybody else around I
meant to have Rob over from the UK to give us an update on the on the
intellect of the UK push within the club and also
um we don't have our Canadian representative it's just me tonight everybody's on vacation thank you for an
excellent second season and thank you for the incredible work
and those of you who are doing it know who I'm talking to the incredible work that you are doing and this museum is is
building in strength and now let's uh let's give it that oracular voice let's
bring it back let's bring it back and um to Doug Wilson
creepy creepy stuff brother yeah creepy stuff oh and by the way your
Jesus was arrested in a public park with a naked boy looks like you're in the right business
[Music] [Applause]
[Music] where is that horse called Destiny I
think she ran off without me [Music]